<?xml version="1.0"?>

<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <title>About Yulup</title>
</head>
<body>
<h2>About</h2>

<p>
Yulup is an <a href="../deliverables/preparation/product_sketch.html">editor/browser</a> extension
based on the <a href="http://www.mozilla.com" target="_blank">Mozilla/Firefox</a> framework.
</p>

<p>
Yulup makes Content Management as simple as it gets! Creature comforts thanks to Yulup!
</p>

<p>
<b>Features:</b>
</p><ul>
  <li><p>Integrated into the web browser. There is no gap between surfing the web and editing its content.</p></li>
  <li><p>Yulup is platform-independent, and runs on every machine which also runs Firefox.</p></li>
  <li><p>Yulup is free software, licensed under the GPL. You are free to change, extend and adapt Yulup to your special needs.</p></li>
  <li><p>Editing of Plain-Text, HTML, XHTML and arbitrary XML with XSLT stylesheets applied documents in source and WYSIWYG mode.</p></li>
  <li><p>Auto-Discovery of editable content.</p></li>
  <li><p>Augmenting the editing process with the help of local templates (e.g. applying default XSLT stylesheets to certain content types).</p></li>
  <li><p>XML well-formedness checking.</p></li>
  <li><p>Support for the <a href="http://www.wyona.org/osr-101/">Neutron Protocol</a>.</p></li>
  <li><p>Support for the <a href="http://bitworking.org/projects/atom/">Atom Publishing Protocol (Draft 09)</a> and the <a href="http://www.atomenabled.org/">Atom 1.0 Format</a>. Creating, editing and deleting Atom entries. Auto-Discovery of Collections and Feeds.</p></li>
  <li><p>Editing is secure. Yulup supports Neutron-Auth and HTTP Basic and Digest authentication over regular and SSL connections.</p></li>
</ul>


</body>
</html>
