<?xml version="1.0"?>

<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">

<html>
<head>
  <link rel="cms.client" type="application/x.osr-xml" href="introspection-developers.xml" title="OSR-101"/>
  <title>Yulup - Developers</title>
</head>
<body>

<h1>Yulup - Developers</h1>

<h3>Subversion</h3>
<h4>Anonymous</h4>
<p>
svn co <a href="http://svn.wyona.com/repos/public/yulup">http://svn.wyona.com/repos/public/yulup</a>
</p>
Username: <i>anonymous</i>, Password: <i>anonymous</i>

<h4>Developers</h4>
<p>
svn co --username USERNAME https://svn.wyona.com/repos/public/yulup
</p>

<h3>Installation</h3>
<p>
If the source has been checked out from SVN, then one can install Yulup as follows:
<ul>
  <li>Create a file yulup-prototype-1@wyona.com within the extension directory
    <ul>
      <li>Linux: /home/USER/.mozilla/firefox/PROFILE/extensions/yulup-prototype-1@wyona.com</li>
      <li>MacOS X: /Users/USER/Library/Application Support/Firefox/Profiles/PROFILE/extensions/yulup-prototype-1@wyona.com</li>
      <li>Windows: ???/extensions/yulup-prototype-1@wyona.com</li>
    </ul>
  </li>
  <li>Open this file and add the path to the Yulup source, e.g. /home/USER/src/yulup/trunk/yulup/prototypes/prototype1/src</li>
  <li>Restart Firefox</li>
</ul>
</p>

<h3>Set Up your Environment</h3>
<p>To make your life easier (and the code better), you first might want to change some of your browser preferences (via "about:config", see this <a href="http://kb.mozillazine.org/About:config">mozillaZine kb entry</a> for details if you are not acquainted to setting preferences manually):</p>
<ul>
  <li>Set <b>browser.dom.window.dump.enabled</b> to <b>true</b>: Enables the use of the dump() statement to print to the standard console. For this output to be seen, you must of course run Firefox/Mozilla/SeaMonkey from a terminal. You can do this by simply running e.g. <tt>firefox-bin</tt> (in the case of Firefox).</li>
  <li>Set <b>javascript.options.showInConsole</b> to <b>true</b>: Logs errors in chrome files to the JavaScript Console to make debugging easier.</li>
  <li>Set <b>javascript.options.strict</b> to <b>true</b>: Enables strict Javascript warnings in the JavaScript Console. Note that since many people have this setting turned off when developing, you will see lots of warnings for problems with their code in addition to warnings for your own extension.</li>
  <li>Set <b>nglayout.debug.disable_xul_cache</b> to <b>true</b>: Disables the XUL cache so that changes do not require a restart, i.e. everytime a XUL document gets reloaded (like editor.xul when reloading the editor tab, but NOT yulup.xul, since this only gets loaded once, namely when the browser is started or a new window is opened), the new version is used and not the old cached one.</li>
</ul>
<p>See also the <a href="http://kb.mozillazine.org/Setting_up_extension_development_environment">Setting up extension development environment</a> mozillaZine kb entry. Note though that not all information in that article is up-to-date anymore. In the case of doubt, the information stated here overrides information in that article.</p>
</body>
</html>
