<?xml version="1.0"?>

<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">

<head>
  <title>Development</title>
</head>



<body>
<h2>Development</h2>
<ul>
  <li><a href="#subversion">Get the Source Code from Subversion</a></li>
  <li><a href="#installation">Installation</a></li>
  <li><a href="#xpi">Building Releases: Generating XPI from source (Unix only)</a></li>
  <li><a href="#setup">Set Up your Environment for Code Development</a></li>
  <li><a href="#tcpmon">Debugging the client-server data-exchange</a></li>
  <li><a href="#requirements">System Requirements for Code Development</a></li>
</ul>


<h3 id="subversion">Get the Source Code from Subversion</h3>

<h4>Anonymous</h4>
<pre>svn co <a href="http://svn.wyona.com/repos/public/yulup">http://svn.wyona.com/repos/public/yulup</a></pre>

<p>
Username: <i>anonymous</i>, Password: <i>anonymous</i>
</p>

<h4>Developers</h4>
<pre>svn co --username USERNAME https://svn.wyona.com/repos/public/yulup</pre>


<h3 id="installation">Installation</h3>

<p>

If the source has been checked out from SVN, then one can install Yulup as follows:

</p><ul>

  <li><p>Create a file <tt>yulup-prototype-1@wyona.com</tt> within the extension directory</p>

    <ul>

      <li><p><b>Linux:</b> <tt>/home/USER/.mozilla/firefox/PROFILE/extensions/yulup-prototype-1@wyona.com</tt></p></li>

      <li><p><b>MacOS X:</b> <tt>/Users/USER/Library/Application Support/Firefox/Profiles/PROFILE/extensions/yulup-prototype-1@wyona.com</tt></p></li>

      <li><p><b>Windows 2000, XP:</b> <tt>Documents and Settings\USER\Application Data\Mozilla\Firefox\Profiles\PROFILE\extensions\yulup-prototype-1@wyona.com</tt> or <tt>Programs\Mozilla Firefox\extensions\yulup-prototype-1@wyona.com</tt></p></li>
      <li><p><b>Windows NT:</b> <tt>WINNT\Profiles\USER\Application Data\Mozilla\Firefox\PROFILE\extensions\yulup-prototype-1@wyona.com</tt></p></li>
      <li><p><b>Windows 98, ME:</b> <tt>Windows\Application Data\Mozilla\Firefox\PROFILE\extensions\yulup-prototype-1@wyona.com</tt></p></li>

    </ul>

  </li>

  <li><p>Open this file and add the path to the Yulup source, e.g. <tt>/home/USER/src/yulup/src/trunk/yulup/prototypes/prototype1/src</tt> (Unix) or <tt>C:\src\yulup\src\trunk\yulup\prototypes\prototype1\src</tt> (Windows)</p></li>

  <li>Delete <tt>compreg.dat</tt> and <tt>xpti.dat</tt> from your profile directory.</li>

  <li><p>Restart Firefox</p></li>

</ul>

<h3 id="xpi">Building Releases: Generating XPI from source (Unix only)</h3>
<p>Assume a path snippet <tt>$CURRENT</tt> which currently points to <tt>public/yulup/src/trunk/yulup/prototypes/prototype1/src</tt>.</p>
<ul>
  <li><p>Edit <tt>$CURRENT/install.rdf</tt> and bump version number contained in the &lt;em:version> element (XPath: RDF/Description/em:version).</p></li>
<!-- TODO: These items have become obsolete. Review and confirm before deleting. -->
<!--
  <li><p>Edit <tt>$CURRENT/chrome/locale/xml/yulup.dtd.xml</tt> and bump version number.</p></li>
  <li><p>In directory <tt>$CURRENT/chrome/locale</tt>, issue "ant".</p></li>
-->
  <li><p>In directory <tt>$CURRENT</tt>, issue "ant" (make sure that <a href="http://ant.apache.org">Apache Ant</a> is installed).</p></li>
</ul>
<p>
The new package can then be found in <tt>public/website/yulup/download</tt> (the <tt>update.rdf</tt> file in the <tt>download</tt> directory is modified automatically to include the new release).
</p>
<p>
Make sure to update the Mozilla Add-ons page of Yulup for users who have download the XPI from there.
</p>





<h3 id="setup">Set Up your Environment for Code Development</h3>

<p>To make your life easier (and the code better), you first might want to change some of your browser preferences (via "about:config", see this <a href="http://kb.mozillazine.org/About:config">mozillaZine kb entry</a> for details if you are not acquainted to setting preferences manually):</p>

<ul>

  <li><p>Set <b>browser.dom.window.dump.enabled</b> to <b>true</b>: Enables the use of the dump() statement to print to the standard console. For this output to be seen, you must of course run Firefox/Mozilla/SeaMonkey from a terminal. You can do this by simply running e.g. <tt>firefox-bin</tt> (in the case of Firefox).</p></li>

  <li><p>Set <b>extensions.logging.enabled</b> to <b>true</b>: Enables more logging.</p></li>

  <li><p>Set <b>javascript.options.showInConsole</b> to <b>true</b>: Logs errors in chrome files to the JavaScript Console to make debugging easier.</p></li>

  <li><p>Set <b>javascript.options.strict</b> to <b>true</b>: Enables strict Javascript warnings in the JavaScript Console. Note that since many people have this setting turned off when developing, you will see lots of warnings for problems with their code in addition to warnings for your own extension.</p></li>

  <li><p>Set <b>nglayout.debug.disable_xul_cache</b> to <b>true</b>: Disables the XUL cache so that changes do not require a restart, i.e. everytime a XUL document gets reloaded (like <tt>editor.xul</tt> when reloading the editor tab, but NOT <tt>yulup.xul</tt>, since this only gets loaded once, namely when the browser is started or a new window is opened), the new version is used and not the old cached one.</p></li>
</ul>

<p>See also the <a href="http://kb.mozillazine.org/Setting_up_extension_development_environment">Setting up extension development environment</a> mozillaZine kb entry. Note though that not all information in that article is up-to-date anymore. In the case of doubt, the information stated here overrides information in that article.</p>


<h3 id="tcpmon">Debugging the client-server data exchange</h3>

<p>Download <a href="http://ws.apache.org/axis/java/releases.html">Axis</a> and use <a href="http://ws.apache.org/axis/java/user-guide.html#AppendixUsingTheAxisTCPMonitorTcpmon">TCP Monitor</a>:</p>

<pre>java -classpath lib/axis.jar org.apache.axis.utils.tcpmon<br/></pre>

<p>

or <a href="http://ngrep.sourceforge.net/">ngrep</a>, e.g. to check what DTDs are being retrieved

</p>



<pre><br/>sudo bash<br/><br/>ngrep -w dtd<br/><br/></pre>



<p>or to grep stuff on localhost (127.0.0.1)</p>

<pre><br/>ngrep -d lo<br/><br/></pre>



<p>or check for regular expressions on a specific port</p>

<pre><br/>ngrep "Atom" "port 80"<br/><br/></pre>



<p>

or tcpdump or ...

</p>

<h3 id="requirements">System Requirements for Development</h3>
<ul>
<li><tt>svn</tt> client (for checking out the source code)</li>
<li>GNU <tt>make</tt> (for building packages and documentation)</li>
<li><tt>ant</tt> (for building i18n DTD and properties files)</li>
<li>GNU/BSD toolchain (for building packages)</li>
<li><tt>xsltproc</tt> (for building the user manual and code documentation)</li>
<li><tt>dia</tt> (for building code documentation)</li>
<li><tt>dia2code</tt> (for building code documentation)</li>
</ul>



</body>
</html>
